Feature/cache expiration (#31785)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

*Metricbeat*

- make `system/filesystem` code sensitive to `hostfs` and migrate libraries to `elastic-agent-opts` {pull}31001[31001]

> - make the internal cache PerfMetricsCache in the kubernetes module to never expire before scraping. This avoid metrics like `kubernetes.container.cpu.usage.limit.pct` from not being populated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix kubernetes module's internal cache expiration issue. This avoid metrics like `kubernetes.container.cpu.usage.limit.pct` from not being populated. {pull}31785[31785]
```
